<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head> <meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type" /><title>IMEJI Help</title>
</head>

<body><h1>IMEJI Help</h1>
<h2>Contents</h2>1. Overview<br />2. Working with
Imagi<br />2.1 Collections<br />2.2 Albums<br />2.3
Search<br /><br /><h2>1. Overview</h2>
IMEJI&nbsp;is an eSciDoc application to manage images together with
their specific metadata.<br />
<br />In
IMEJI, the user can create his own images collections. For each
collection, a metadata profile can be created to allow the user to
describe in detail the caracteristica of the images within the
collection. After the profile is finished, metadata values can be added
to each&nbsp;image within the collection (e.g. an author, date or
text) , either one by one, or within
batch operations. <br />
Collections can be kept private, so that they
are only visible by the creator, but they also can be published on the
web to make them visible and reusable by other researchers around the
world.<br />
<br />Further on, users can also create albums on&nbsp;IMEJI.
Within these albums, they can collect images with different metadata
profiles, which means images from different collections. Similar to
collections, albums can alse be kept private or can be published.<br />
<br /><b>Collections</b><br />
Collections
group similar images togther, which all share similar metadata. For
each collection, one metadata profile can be&nbsp;defined by the
user.
In this profile the user can define specific metadata types for the
collection.&nbsp;<br />
<br /><b>Albums</b><br />
Albums
are similar to photo albums in the non digitalized world. In an album,
the user can collect&nbsp;images from one or several collections
(that
means the pictures can have different metadata profiles). An album is a
subset of the overall set
of images within&nbsp;IMEJI.<br />
Albums could be set up to illustrate a certain
question (like 20 images in an album out of 1000 images
in the overall collection).
<br /><br /><b>Release-Model</b><br />
Both collections and albums have a release-model behind, so they can be
created
collaboratively, i.e. for a publication, and then be released
and cited in a stable way afterwards to exactly point just to
these images needed.
<br /><br /><h2>2. Working with IMEJI</h2>
<h2>2.1. Collections</h2>
The <b>general
Workflow</b> within IMEJI on collections is&nbsp;following:<br /><ul><li>
Login
</li><li>Create a collection:</li></ul><blockquote>
- Go to <i>Collections</i>. <br />
- Click on <i>Create
collection</i>. Enter the required information (collection
name, author name and affiliation). Information on further authors and
a description of the collection's content can be&nbsp;added
optionally.<br />- Save.</blockquote>
<ul><li>Create a metadata profile for the collection:</li></ul><blockquote>
- Go to&nbsp;<i>Collections</i>. <br />
- View the collection&nbsp;by clicking on the name of the
collection.<br />
- Go to <i>Metadata profile</i>.<br />
- Click on <i>Edit
profile</i>.<br />
- Create a new metadata profile
or use an already available
metadata profile as template. <br />
- Define specific metadata elemebts for the
collection. Each element consists of a type&nbsp; (e.g. person,
date, nubmer,&nbsp;text) and a name. Optionally predefined
values can be added and the element can be set as multiple, which means
that it can occure several times for each image.<br />- Save.<br /></blockquote><ul><li>Upload&nbsp;images
to the collection:</li></ul><blockquote>
- Go to&nbsp;<i>Collections</i>. <br />
- View the collection by clicking on the name of the collection.<br />
- Go to image upload.<br />
- <i>Add files</i>
via selecting them on your system and then <i>Start upload</i>.</blockquote><ul><li>
Assign/edit metadata values:</li></ul><blockquote>
- Go to&nbsp;<i>Collections</i>. <br />
- View the collection by clicking on the name of the collection.<br />
- View all images of collection.<br />
- To select multiple images for the metadata assignment set the
checkboxes below each image. (To select only one image just view the
image by clicking on it and then go to <i>Assign metadata</i>.)<br />
- Click on <i>View
selected</i>. <br />
- Select one or several metadata types in the drop-down list and then
add the corresponding value in the aside text filed.&nbsp; <br />
- Save.</blockquote>
<ul><li>Release collection:</li></ul>
<blockquote>- Go to&nbsp;<i>Collections</i>. <br />
- View the collection&nbsp;by clicking on the name of the
collection.<br />
- Click on <i>release.</i>
The collection is now visible for all Imegi user.<br />
</blockquote><h2>2.1. Albums</h2>
The <b>general
Workflow</b>
within IMEJI on albums is&nbsp;following:<br /><ul><li>
Login
</li><li>Create an album:</li></ul><blockquote>
- Go to <i>Albums</i>.<br />
- Create a new album by clicking on <i>Create Album</i>
and entering the required information (album name, author name and
affiliation). Information on further authors and a description of the
album's content can be&nbsp;added optionally. To later edit the
album's metadata click <i>Edit
album</i>.<br />
- Save. A newly created album is automatically given the status <i>private</i>.
</blockquote><ul><li>Upload&nbsp;images to the
album:</li></ul><blockquote>
- Go to <i>Albums</i>.<br />- Make the album you
want to add images to as <i>active</i>.<br />-
Browse Imagi.To add one image to the active album, click on <i>Add
to album</i> below each picture.</blockquote><ul><li>
Release album</li></ul><blockquote>
- Go to&nbsp;<i>Albums</i>. <br />
- View the album by clicking on the name of the album.<br />
- Click on <i>release.</i>
The album is now visible for all Imegi user.<br /></blockquote>
<h2>2.3. Search&nbsp;</h2>Imegi offers two different
searche, the simple search, which is on top of every page, and the
advanced search. Both searches only search within released collections.<br />
<br /><br /><br /><br /></body>

</html>